# Privacy Policy for EAT-PROPOSALS

## Privacy Policy

Last updated: October 28, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the application and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

By using the application, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Account means a unique account created for You to access our application or parts of our application.

Application means the software program provided downloaded by you on any electronic device, named EAT-PROPOSALS

"We", "Us" or "Our" refers to EAT-PROPOSALS.

Device means any device that can access the application such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the application or from the application infrastructure itself.

You means the individual accessing or using the application, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the application, as applicable.


## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected
### Personal Data
While using the application, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Name

Documents published

Email address

Usage Data

## Usage Data

Usage Data can be collected automatically when using the application.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the application by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever you visit our application or when you access the application by or through a mobile device.

#Use of Your Personal Data

Personal Data may be used for the following purposes:

To provide and maintain our application, including to monitor the usage of our application.

To manage your Account: to manage your registration as a user of the application. The Personal Data You provide can give you access to different functionalities of the application that are available to you as a registered user.

To contact you: To contact you by email, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.

To manage your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to us.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.


## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

- Law enforcement : 
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

- Other legal requirements : 
We may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation,
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the application,
Protect the personal safety of Users of the application or the public,
Protect against legal liability,
Security of your Personal Data,
The security of your Personal Data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


## Children's Privacy

Our application does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.


## Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.


## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: eat.testsuite@gmail.com
